I like the setup of this commander. It's a slight dissapointment that you can't use many miracle cards with aminatou. It's goodJust got finished playing with my Kitchen Table Group, played 2 games in the stock configuration against two other 2018 decks, also stock (Nature's Vengeance and Adaptive Enchantment).Recap of the first game:This deck appeared to come out strong with control elements early, but then ran out of gas with nothing but land coming up, and little to no protection for the commander.  She got beaten down repeatedly by unblockable enchanted creatures from the enchantments deck. In the meantime, Nature's Vengeance kept mana building and eventually had a bunch of worms, a hydra, and an 8/8 trample in play, looking very scary.Then Nature's Vengeance did a limited board wipe, doing 5 damage to the board, but keeping the big nasties on the board. Fortunately, I had the Serra Avatar (35/35) out, so had one blocker.Then I drew Skull Storm (a card that copies itself for each time the commander had been cast), and forced my opponents to sacrifice a creature or lose 1/2 life for each casting.  That took out all the rest of my opponents' creatures and reduced their life so I could take out one player with the avatar.Next up, I managed to super Aminatou (removing all her loyalty and sending her to the command zone) to swap all non-land permanents with my remaining opponent.  So I got all his enchantments, commander, etc, and he got my Avatar.  Recast my commander and blinked the avatar back to my side.  His next turn he got a couple creatures out as blockers, but it was 3 attackers to 2 defenders, and was able to finish him off.Review of the deck:Only played 2 games, but so far I'm pretty impressed.  The deck has interesting control aspects that can answer the other decks, and surprises that change the dynamics of your typical planeswalker as commander strategies.  Aminatou's abilities are great for early and mid game, and her super ability can be devestating.  She's cheap, so it's hard to price her out, and recasting her works to your advantage.The deck would probably not hold up too well against a Saskia - Aggro type deck.Of course, Sensei's Divining Top is the first thing to add for modding this, and Wizards has provided infinite combo ideas that would be fun to play around with.This deck is probably more of a novelty than a super-competitive build, but I'm really liking it.Only problem I have is the artwork on Aminatou. The foil treatment and cropping darkens the image, and minimizing some of the more interesting details.  Really diminishes a beautiful piece of artwork.Great deck. Came as stated on description. I've played a lot with it. Had to put my own twist on it, but solidly bulit deck. Several choices for commander, deck works with all of them with their individual strategies.Lots of fun right out of the box, but has too many themes (library manipulation, manifest, exploit enter the battlefield triggers). Do some research substitute some cards based around one or two of the themes. Aminatou is an infinite combo engine.